User stories:

1. As an administrator, I want to enroll a portion of available users in a survey about changes in the service,
   so that I can learn whether the changes are preferred by the users.

2. As an administrator, I want to set a due date for the survey, 
   so that tests have a definitive end.

3. As an administrator, I want to enroll users who are likely to be active,
   so that more users will participate in the survey, increasing its validity.

4. As an administrator, I want to track the accepted and declined users,
   so that I can measure the progress of the survey, judge the validity of the results, and assess the quality of the initial enrollment.

5. As an administrator, I want to assign users to two experiment groups,
   so that I can mitigate bias in the survey results.

Acceptance criteria:
1. When the administrator searches for the users to enroll, then he finds users available for enrollment.
1. When the administrator enrolls a large number of users, then those users are enrolled in a new survey.
1. Given an existing survey, when the administrator inspects it, then he sees the number of users assigned to each experiment group (A or B).
2. Given an existing survey, when the administrator sets a due date, then "one week" should be suggested as an option.
2. Given an existing survey, when the administrator sets a due date, then enrolled users should see the due date.
2. Given an existing survey, when the due date arrives, then the survey automatically closes.
3. When the administrator searches for users to enroll, then he sees users who have been recently active and are not newcomers.
4. Given an existing survey, when the administrator inspects the survey, then he sees the number of enrolled, accepted, and declined users.
5. When the administrator enrolls a large number of users, then each user is assigned to an experiment group.
5. Given an existing survey, when an accepted user initially views the experiment, then the initially selected option is based on the experiment group to which they were assigned.
